---
title: "Cub Section Report"
date: "2015-02-13"
categories: 
  - "news"
---

Cub Section Report January 2015 Currently we have 32 Cubs in the pack, with only one currently linking with the Scouts and three due to start linking at the beginning of March. We have had eleven new Cubs, nine from Beavers and two direct entries. Since our last meeting the Cubs have been really busy: We took twenty three Cubs to the group camp at Fordell Firs, where we took part in various activities, such as grass-sledging and archery, and a great weekend was had by all. We have completed the Community Challenge Badge, which included a visit to Bathgate Fire Station, where the Cubs had an in depth tour of a fire engine and a talk about what being a firefighter involves. The also completed the Emergency Aid Stage 2 and Home Safety Badges (the latter was organised and run by Ruaridh and Aimee). This included topics such as the recovery position, treatment of bleeding and burns, and what to do in an emergency. In October, we completed the Astronomer Badge, which included a very interesting visit to the Royal Observatory in Edinburgh. There, Cubs learnt about the solar system and the individual planets. They also had a talk about the giant telescope. November and December slowed down a bit. We had our traditional Irn Bru and short bread for St Andrew’s day, while the rest of the time we had games evenings, playing some of our usual games and some we hadn’t played before. We even let some of the Cubs lead the games so they could see how easy it is to be a leader. During the Christmas break, we went with the rest of the group to the King’s theatre in Glasgow to see the pantomime ‘Peter Pan’. Another great success. This year, we have started work on the IT Badge stage 2. Cubs are learning about the parts of a computer and internet safety. We plan to do more badge work with the pack in the coming months. Our Cub camp is booked for the weekend 29th-31st May at the Craigs. All are welcome to come along for the weekend or pop in for an hour or so. Thanks once again to Paul, Steven (when work allows), Ruaridh and Aimee for all your efforts. If anyone knows of anyone who would be interested in coming along to join the team, they would be more than welcome.
